http://orange-cagnes.dyndns.org/axis/services/wSInvoker?wsdl	France
http://aquest.dyndns.org/CaptchaAudioWS/CaptchaAudio.asmx?WSDL	Japan
http://insolution.dyndns.org/WebService1/Service1.asmx?WSDL	Finland
http://dinoch.dyndns.org:7070/axis1.2/services/EchoService?wsdl	United States
http://dinoch.dyndns.org:7070/axis1.2/services/Arrays2ServicePort?wsdl	United States
http://ewave.no-ip.com/ECallws/CinemaData.asmx?WSDL	Argentina
http://ewave.no-ip.com/ECallws/StadiumData.asmx?WSDL	Argentina
http://ewave.no-ip.com/ECallws/CinemaTransaction.asmx?wsdl	Argentina
http://200.69.242.180/interfaz_dc/servlet/owsvehicleavailability?wsdl	Argentina
http://200.69.242.180/interfaz_dc/servlet/owsvehiclecancelreservation?wsdl	Argentina
http://www.utn.edu.ar/WebServices/WSConcursosAcademicos.asmx?WSDL	Argentina
https://wsaahomo.afip.gov.ar/ws/services/LoginCms?wsdl	Argentina
http://lidia.cs.uns.edu.ar/ws_delp/DeLPService.php?wsdl	Argentina
http://devpms.rirdc.gov.au/niku/wsdl/Object/Groups	Australia
http://devpms.rirdc.gov.au/niku/wsdl/Query/custr4_prp_assess_decision	Australia
http://devpms.rirdc.gov.au/niku/wsdl/Query/custr3_odue_ms	Australia
http://devpms.rirdc.gov.au/niku/wsdl/Query/Under_Dev	Australia
http://devpms.rirdc.gov.au/niku/wsdl/Object/Documents	Australia
http://devpms.rirdc.gov.au/niku/wsdl/Query/Demand%20for%20Resource	Australia
http://devpms.rirdc.gov.au/niku/wsdl/Object/Risks	Australia
http://devpms.rirdc.gov.au/niku/wsdl/Query/custr4_all_contract_ms	Australia
http://devpms.rirdc.gov.au/niku/wsdl/Object/Locations	Australia
http://www.innovationqld.net/_vti_bin/BusinessDataCatalog.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.innovationqld.net/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.innovationqld.net/_vti_bin/WebPartPages.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.sdm.com.au/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.enterpriseconnect.gov.au/_vti_bin/alerts.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.industry.gov.au/_vti_bin/Authentication.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.industry.gov.au/_vti_bin/spscrawl.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.industry.gov.au/_vti_bin/copy.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.industry.gov.au/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.microsoftsharepoint.com/agenda/_vti_bin/webs.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.microsoftsharepoint.com/agenda/_vti_bin/dspsts.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.microsoftsharepoint.com/venue/_vti_bin/WebPartPages.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.microsoftsharepoint.com/venue/_vti_bin/imaging.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.microsoftsharepoint.com/venue/_vti_bin/dws.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.microsoftsharepoint.com/venue/_vti_bin/copy.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.microsoftsharepoint.com/venue/_vti_bin/UserGroup.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.microsoftsharepoint.com/venue/_vti_bin/meetings.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.microsoftsharepoint.com/agenda/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.tourism.wa.gov.au/WA_Tourism_Network/_vti_bin/dspsts.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.tourism.wa.gov.au/WA_Tourism_Network/_vti_bin/ExcelService.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.tourism.wa.gov.au/WA_Tourism_Network/_vti_bin/permissions.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.tourism.wa.gov.au/WA_Tourism_Network/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.tourism.wa.gov.au/WA_Tourism_Network/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.tourism.wa.gov.au/WA_Tourism_Network/_vti_bin/People.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.tourism.wa.gov.au/WA_Tourism_Network/_vti_bin/dws.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.westernaustralia.com/de/_vti_bin/SharepointEmailWS.asmx?wsdl	Germany
http://www.westernaustralia.com/de/_vti_bin/BusinessDataCatalog.asmx?wsdl	Germany
http://www.westernaustralia.com/de/_vti_bin/imaging.asmx?wsdl	Germany
http://www.westernaustralia.com/de/_vti_bin/dspsts.asmx?wsdl	Germany
http://www.westernaustralia.com/de/_vti_bin/alerts.asmx?wsdl	Germany
http://www.westernaustralia.com/de/_vti_bin/forms.asmx?wsdl	Germany
http://www.westernaustralia.com/de/_vti_bin/versions.asmx?wsdl	Germany
http://www.westernaustralia.com/de/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Germany
http://www.westernaustralia.com/de/_vti_bin/lists.asmx?wsdl	Germany
http://developer.egton.com.au/_vti_bin/SharepointEmailWS.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://developer.egton.com.au/_vti_bin/WebPartPages.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://developer.egton.com.au/_vti_bin/versions.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://developer.egton.com.au/_vti_bin/UserGroup.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://developer.egton.com.au/_vti_bin/forms.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://endintiers.com/_vti_bin/SharepointEmailWS.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://endintiers.com/_vti_bin/spsearch.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://endintiers.com/_vti_bin/forms.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://endintiers.com/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://endintiers.com/_vti_bin/imaging.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://endintiers.com/_vti_bin/SiteData.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://blog.sbsfaq.com/_vti_bin/People.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.stpatricks.qld.edu.au/_vti_bin/spsearch.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.stpatricks.qld.edu.au/_vti_bin/permissions.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.stpatricks.qld.edu.au/_vti_bin/imaging.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.stpatricks.qld.edu.au/_vti_bin/forms.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.hellyer.tased.edu.au/_vti_bin/permissions.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.hellyer.tased.edu.au/_vti_bin/copy.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://services1.pharmx.com.au/order/supplierlist.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://services1.pharmx.com.au/invoice/create.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://services1.pharmx.com.au/order/createorder_nonwse.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://services1.pharmx.com.au/invoice/retrieveoutofstock.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://www.abn.business.gov.au/abrxmlpubsub/ABRXMLPubSub.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://abr.business.gov.au/abrxmlsearch/ABRXMLSearch.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://ats.business.gov.au/_vti_bin/search.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://www.crickscore.com/services/AdminService?wsdl	Australia
http://www.mp3.com.au/WebServices/LocationService.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://www.mp3.com.au/WebServices/GalleryService.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://www.mp3.com.au/WebServices/PlayerService.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://amanaliving.com.au/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://www.apir.com.au/apir/docs/wsdl/ParticipantRegister.wsdl	Australia
http://www.apir.com.au/apir/docs/wsdl/SurchargeRegister.wsdl	Australia
http://komatsu.com.au/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://komatsu.com.au/_vti_bin/lists.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://komatsu.com.au/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://webct.swin.edu.au/webct/axis/Version?wsdl	Australia
http://www.abs.gov.au/services/coder.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://soap.bondwireless.com/soap/services/Enigma?wsdl	Australia
http://webservices.honda.com.au/FlashServices.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://webservices.honda.com.au/WebServices/api.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://maps.nsw.gov.au/wsdl/AddressImageWS.wsdl	Australia
http://www.myboot.com.au/webservice/myboot/suburb/picker.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://sti.subaru.com.au/templates/global/cfc/banner_showrm.cfc?wsdl	Australia
http://direct.tab.com.au/liveodds/services/login/login.wsdl	Australia
http://www.acmi.net.au/gameon_play/PublicService.asmx?wsdl	Australia
http://xml.afl.com.au/mobilewebservices.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://www.directsms.com.au/info/api/SmsGateway-HTTP.wsdl	Australia
http://nevermissdiscovery.discoverychannelasia.com/NeverMiss.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://www.interpro.com.au/JobsliveWS/RandomJobPicker.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://mail.intertrading.com.au:82/corpdatal1/dataservice.asmx?WSDL	Australia
http://public.virginvieathome.com/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Austria
http://public.virginvieathome.com/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Austria
http://public.virginvieathome.com/_vti_bin/webs.asmx?wsdl	Austria
http://forums.genom-e.com/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Austria
http://forums.genom-e.com/_vti_bin/SiteData.asmx?wsdl	Austria
http://forums.genom-e.com/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Austria
http://forums.genom-e.com/_vti_bin/ExcelService.asmx?wsdl	Austria
http://forums.genom-e.com/_vti_bin/spscrawl.asmx?wsdl	Austria
http://big.pri.univie.ac.at/n2gridservices/services/N2GridBP03?wsdl	Austria
http://www.pri.univie.ac.at/~mangler/CEWebS/Graphviz/graphviz.php?wsdl	Austria
http://big.pri.univie.ac.at/n2gridservices/services/N2GridKO01?wsdl	Austria
http://www.pri.univie.ac.at/~mangler/pico/CEWebSDelivery.wsdl.php	Austria
http://big.pri.univie.ac.at/n2gridservices/services/N2GridPerceptron?wsdl	Austria
http://sws-challenge.org/moon/services/RNetService?WSDL	Austria
http://sws-challenge.org/services/CRMService?wsdl	Austria
http://sws-challenge.org/moon_v2/services/SMService?WSDL	Austria
http://sws-challenge.org/shops/Rummage.wsdl	Austria
http://sws-challenge.org/shipper/v2/racer.wsdl	Austria
http://www.arikan.at/axis/services/urn:xmltoday-delayed-quotes?wsdl	Austria
http://www.arikan.at/axis/services/CountryService?wsdl	Austria
http://www.arikan.at/axis/services/InsuranceService?wsdl	Austria
http://office.faircheck.at/paraTesting/WebService/SVSR_Akt_Ort_Detail.asmx?WSDL	Austria
http://dconx.biz/file.asmx?WSDL	Austria
http://dconx.biz/filetest.asmx?WSDL	Austria
http://copenhagen.vitalab.tuwien.ac.at:8080/axis/services/PersistentVSM?wsdl	Austria
http://copenhagen.vitalab.tuwien.ac.at:8080/axis/services/QoSTestingService?wsdl	Austria
http://copenhagen.vitalab.tuwien.ac.at:8080/axis/services/WSDLRepository?wsdl	Austria
http://copenhagen.vitalab.tuwien.ac.at:8080/axis/services/TestService?wsdl	Austria
http://staging.cic.armstrongconsulting.com/IconWebServices/icon.asmx?wsdl	Austria
http://portal.bmi.gv.at/ref/portref/files/wsdl_u_schema/SZRWebservice_v1.5_bPK.wsdl	Austria
http://online.mecos.com.cy/IconWebServices/icontest.asmx?WSDL	Austria
http://www.noe.bauakademie.at/importexport/export.asmx?WSDL	Austria
http://mathe.bg-bab.ac.at/ClassServer/service.asmx?WSDL	Austria
http://www.centauri.at/upload.asmx?WSDL	Austria
http://www.dachverband.at/typo3conf/ext/dv_dlraster/fsw_service/dv_angebot.php?wsdl	Austria
http://www.mpay24.com/soap/etp/1.2/ETP.wsdl	Austria
http://www.nanonull.com/TimeService/TimeService.asmx?wsdl	Austria
http://wartung.priso.net/Service1.asmx?WSDL	Austria
http://www.tiscover.com/at/wsdl/TiscoverWSRoomSearch.wsdl	Austria
http://www.wifi.at/kursbuchbestellung/Kursbuchbestellen.asmx?WSDL	Austria
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/dspsts.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/spscrawl.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/alerts.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/dws.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/copy.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/Authentication.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/meetings.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/lists.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/UserGroup.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/forms.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.estro27.org/_vti_bin/People.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.g-o.be/_vti_bin/UserProfileService.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.g-o.be/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.g-o.be/_vti_bin/spscrawl.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.g-o.be/_vti_bin/forms.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.moss2007.be/_vti_bin/BusinessDataCatalog.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.moss2007.be/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.moss2007.be/_vti_bin/alerts.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.sra.nl/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.sra.nl/_vti_bin/meetings.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.u2u.info/_vti_bin/WebPartPages.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.u2u.info/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://aulne8.esat.kuleuven.be:8080/inclusive/AQBC.wsdl	Belgium
http://ariadne.cs.kuleuven.ac.be/SQI/wsdl/SessionManagement.wsdl	Belgium
http://www.casinoknokke.be/test/kansspel.wsdl	Belgium
http://plda.fgov.be/files/u1/b2b.wsdl	Belgium
http://jure.juridat.just.fgov.be/PORTALSEARCH/PortalSearchWSSoapHttpPort?WSDL	Belgium
http://www.rsvz-inasti.fgov.be/schemas/WS/VierdeWeg/NisseVierdeWeg_V1.wsdl	Belgium
http://www.idtdna.com/AnalyzerService/AnalyzerService.asmx?WSDL	United States
http://eu.idtdna.com/Ajax/ModService.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://eu.idtdna.com/Ajax/HeaderNav.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://eu.idtdna.com/Ajax/PlateProgress.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://www.vlm.be/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.vlm.be/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.vlm.be/_vti_bin/lists.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://www.vlm.be/_vti_bin/WebPartPages.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://ws.agiv.be/crabws/nodataset.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://agiv.be/gis/localService.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
https://majas.dfc.be/svn/gegis/implementatie/trunk/gegis-crab/src/main/resources/schemas/WS-CRAB-NDS.wsdl	Belgium
http://gaff.besite.be/~uhuru/Tyntec.wsdl	Belgium
http://gaff.besite.be/~uhuru/Webservice.wsdl	Belgium
http://rachael.besite.be/~uhuru/SmsGatewayService_new.wsdl	Belgium
http://soap.cblue.be/SMSBulk/index.php?wsdl	Belgium
http://soap.cblue.be/wsdl/SMSBroadcast.wsdl	Belgium
http://soap.cblue.be/SMSBroadcaster/index.php?wsdl	Belgium
http://webservices.cultuurweb.be/cnetbusiness/Weblog.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://webservices.cultuurweb.be/cnetbusiness/Detail.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://www.webservices.etnic.be/ws_libelle/mrech_libelle.wsdl	Belgium
http://www.webservices.etnic.be/ws_libelle/convert_libelle.wsdl	Belgium
http://www.ibanbic.be/IBANBIC.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://www.ibanbic.be/Olo.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://www.ibanbic.be/Cijfers.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://economiesteun.vlaanderen.be/ecologiesteun/services/md_zoekdossier_v1_port?wsdl	Belgium
http://economiesteun.vlaanderen.be/ecologiesteun/services/AdminService?wsdl	Belgium
http://economiesteun.vlaanderen.be/ecologiesteun/services/Version?wsdl	Belgium
http://yvesk3.dotnet3.hostbasket.com/dasBlog/SyndicationService.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://musil.uni-muenster.de/onto/ACE/wsdl/save/CalculateGasDispersionPlume.wsdl	Belgium
http://musil.uni-muenster.de/onto/ACE/wsdl/save/GetNearestAirportCode.wsdl	Belgium
http://www.jaga.es/SlideService.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://www.jaga.es/ReferenceService.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://jagareferences.com/SlideService.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://jagareferences.com/ReferenceService.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://jaga.tv/ReferenceService.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://jaga.tv/SlideService.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://www.latte.be/NewsServiceClient.wsdl	Belgium
http://www.latte.be/EventServiceClient.wsdl	Belgium
http://staging.blueridge.be/DSXMLSigner/main.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://training.i-grasp.com/Webservice2/service1.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.ikwilhelpen.be/soap/otws.php?wsdl	Belgium
http://www.it-jobbank.co.uk/(A(QUnPf3I7XCdLYI5zAA44K-fQ2fl_9MR1yoaRY_lGCkUIBGbMs4gQe6BkO-dN0Lur9ViHHxr5PupUf1kyw3xbO3CRQS3TyJaeBPkLv8pIZ5U1))/WebServices/JobFeed.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://pdfgenerator.itools.be/pdf/service.wsdl	Belgium
http://fe.bcc.proximity.be/WS/BCC_LINK_2008.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://contestengine.emm.val.skynet.be/ContestEnginePublicBackend/Service.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://www.spotter.be/Tech/MakeTickerData.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://ccvista.taiex.be/CCVistaService.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://lynx.vanroey.be/ecd_webserv/orders.asmx?WSDL	Belgium
http://gtis-cap2.cra.wallonie.be/WsBobID/wsBobID.asmx?wsdl	Belgium
http://tstream-tst.xplanation.com/tstreamws/mime_projectlaunch?WSDL	Belgium
http://www.casinogeneral.com/Main.asmx?WSDL	Belize
http://www.casinogeneral.co.za/Main.asmx?WSDL	Belize
https://www.infocenter.com.bo/websetup/servicioseguro.asmx?WSDL	Bolivia
http://www.vladars.net/_vti_bin/AreaService.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/_vti_bin/BusinessDataCatalog.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/_vti_bin/UserProfileService.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/_vti_bin/SharepointEmailWS.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/spscrawl.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/webs.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/dspsts.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/UserGroup.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/dws.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/WebPartPages.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/Authentication.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/permissions.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/meetings.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/lists.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/imaging.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/forms.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.vladars.net/sr-SP-Cyrl/_vti_bin/People.asmx?wsdl	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.blberza.com/services/blse/currentpricelist.asmx?WSDL	Bosnia and Herzegovina
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/AreaService.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/UserProfileService.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/Webs.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/Lists.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/Forms.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/UserGroup.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/OutlookAdapter.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/Views.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/Permissions.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/Alerts.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/spscrawl.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.innovatti.com.br/_vti_bin/Versions.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
http://seguro.brti.com.br/brtsi/services/AdminService?wsdl	Brazil
http://seguro.brti.com.br/brtsi/services/HSphereAccountWS?wsdl	Brazil
http://seguro.brti.com.br/brtsi/services/ExternalAccountEventWS?wsdl	Brazil
http://seguro.brti.com.br/brtsi/services/CustomerInformationsWS?wsdl	Brazil
http://seguro.brti.com.br/brtsi/services/AdditionalAccountCreationWS?wsdl	Brazil
https://www.tj.rs.gov.br/site_php/webservices/consultas-server.php?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.sefaz.rs.gov.br/wsPIIFrs/wspiifrs.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
https://scm-system.com.br/scm/webservices/internal/wsSecurity.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
http://insane.dees.ufmg.br:8080/axis2/services/InsaneService?wsdl	Brazil
http://201.28.40.13:5555/wsMSCRMCustom/wsChatProspect.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
http://sngpc.anvisa.gov.br/webservice/sngpc.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
http://www.clearsale.com.br/aplicacao/entrada.asmx?WSDL	United States
http://shopping.correios.com.br/wbm/shopping/script/consultarfrete.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
http://ws.cronostelemetria.com.br/WebServices/Service.asmx?wsdl	Brazil
https://www.dppublicidade.com.br/ws0001/It0001.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
http://lis.bvs.br/webservices/index.php?wsdl	Brazil
http://webservices.maplink2.com.br/webservices/v3/Authentication/Authentication.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
http://prv.com.br/servicos/PersonalizaConfiguracao.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
http://www.smartwebsuite.net/webservice_meeting.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
https://www.fazenda.sp.gov.br/wsAlcoolCombustivel/ws/operacoes.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
http://webservices.virtualtarget.com.br/index.php?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.bireme.br/apps/basesws/index.php?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.bvs.br/apps/basesws/index.php?wsdl	Brazil
http://www.zap.com.br/imoveis/CascadingDropServiceImoveis.asmx?WSDL	Brazil
http://slk.icentres.net/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Bulgaria
http://slk.icentres.net/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Bulgaria
http://slk.icentres.net/_vti_bin/Authentication.asmx?wsdl	Bulgaria
http://slk.icentres.net/_vti_bin/dws.asmx?wsdl	Bulgaria
http://slk.icentres.net/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	Bulgaria
http://slk.icentres.net/_vti_bin/webs.asmx?wsdl	Bulgaria
http://hs19.iccs.bas.bg/nusoap/TemperatureService.wsdl	Bulgaria
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINRefTREECON2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNARefFASTA2JACKKNIFERNON	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINRefSTADEN2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNARefPIR2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNARefJACKNIFER2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNARefIG2FASTA	Canada
http://netpub.cstudies.ubc.ca/dotnet/egCS01/WebServices/HelloServiceCS.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/getGisByCddConservedDomainId	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/MOBYSHoundGiFromOMIMList	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNARefFASTA2EMBL	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINRefIG2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINRefGEN2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/snp2Frequencies	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINRefFASTA2NCBI	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNARefFASTA2GCG	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINRefNCBI2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/MOBYSHoundGiFromOMIMList	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNARefFASTA2EMBL	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINRefIG2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/MOBYSHoundGiFromOMIMList	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/BIND_IdSearchGetFastaBySwissProtId	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNAJACKNIFER2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/BIND_IdSearchGetFastaByEnsemblId	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNANEXUS2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNARefFASTA2MSF	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINSWISS2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNAFASTA2GENBANK	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNATEXT2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretDNARefSWISS2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINFASTA2NBRF	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINRefNEXUSNON2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/MOBYSHoundLocusIDFromGi	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINRefFASTA2MEGA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/MOBYSHoundGOIDFromGiList	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINTREECON2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINTREECON2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/soaplab.icapture.ubc.ca/seqretPROTEINRefGCG2FASTA	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/getRNACardIDs_by_SpecificReaction	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/getRNACardIDs_by_InteractingPartners	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/DrugBankByName	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/getColiCardIDs_By_GenePosition	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/getColiCardIDs_by_Mature_IsoelectricPoint	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/BacMapGetRNAEncodingGeneSequences	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/getColiCardIDs_by_ReactionProducts	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/getMetaboCardIDs_by_ChemicalName	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/getColiCardIDs_by_SpecificFunction	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/BacMapGetProteinEncodingGeneSequences	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/getMetaboCardIDs_by_CAS_id	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/getColiCardIDs_by_InteractingPartners	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/ualberta.ca/Proteus	Canada
http://ugweb.cs.ualberta.ca/~c410ta/F07/web_services/Test.wsdl	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/antirrhinum.net/getDragonMapBySeqID	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/MOBYSHoundFindAccEMBL2gi	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/bioinfo.icapture.ubc.ca/getSHoundDNAFromTaxID	Canada
http://biomoby.org/services/wsdl/antirrhinum.net/getDragonAllelesByKeyword	Canada
http://www.nhcgov.com/_vti_bin/AreaService.asmx?wsdl	United States
http://www.nhcgov.com/_vti_bin/alerts.asmx?wsdl	United States
http://etax.nhcgov.com/Admin/Services/AccessManager.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.nhcgov.com/_vti_bin/dspsts.asmx?wsdl	United States
http://www.nhcgov.com/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	United States
http://www.nhcgov.com/_vti_bin/imaging.asmx?wsdl	United States
http://etax.nhcgov.com/Admin/Services/Login.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.nhcgov.com/_vti_bin/SiteData.asmx?wsdl	United States
http://www.nhcgov.com/_vti_bin/dws.asmx?wsdl	United States
http://www.nhcgov.com/_vti_bin/ExcelService.asmx?wsdl	United States
http://www.nhcgov.com/_vti_bin/People.asmx?wsdl	United States
http://www.alphamosaik.com/_vti_bin/BusinessDataCatalog.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.alphamosaik.com/_vti_bin/UserProfileService.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.alphamosaik.com/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.alphamosaik.com/_vti_bin/versions.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.alphamosaik.com/_vti_bin/dspsts.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.alphamosaik.com/_vti_bin/ExcelService.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://demos5.dundas.com/_vti_bin/meetings.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://demos5.dundas.com/_vti_bin/versions.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://demos5.dundas.com/_vti_bin/lists.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://demos5.dundas.com/_vti_bin/ExcelService.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://demos5.dundas.com/_vti_bin/UserGroup.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://demos5.dundas.com/_vti_bin/spscrawl.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://demos5.dundas.com/_vti_bin/Authentication.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/SharepointEmailWS.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/imaging.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/People.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/spscrawl.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/ExcelService.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/versions.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/lists.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/UserGroup.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.envisionit.com/_vti_bin/permissions.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/search.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/BusinessDataCatalog.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/SharepointEmailWS.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/imaging.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/SiteData.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/People.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/copy.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/WebPartPages.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/lists.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/spscrawl.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.etfo.ca/_vti_bin/alerts.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://home.infusionblogs.com/_vti_bin/SiteData.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://sp.sd76.ab.ca/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://sp.sd76.ab.ca/_vti_bin/copy.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://sp.sd76.ab.ca/Docs/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://sp.sd76.ab.ca/_vti_bin/lists.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://sp.sd76.ab.ca/_vti_bin/dspsts.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://sp.sd76.ab.ca/_vti_bin/versions.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://sp.sd76.ab.ca/_vti_bin/SiteData.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://sp.sd76.ab.ca/_vti_bin/forms.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://sp.sd76.ab.ca/_vti_bin/permissions.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://cisa.ca/_vti_bin/SharepointEmailWS.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://team.spacebar.ca/_vti_bin/alerts.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://team.spacebar.ca/_vti_bin/copy.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://team.spacebar.ca/_vti_bin/permissions.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://team.spacebar.ca/_vti_bin/sites.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://team.spacebar.ca/_vti_bin/Authentication.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://team.spacebar.ca/_vti_bin/People.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://team.spacebar.ca/_vti_bin/versions.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://team.spacebar.ca/_vti_bin/meetings.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://team.spacebar.ca/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://team.spacebar.ca/_vti_bin/UserGroup.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://demo.filehold.com/fH/FileHold/UserRoleManager/SessionManager.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://demo.filehold.com/fH/FileHold/UserRoleManager/UserGroupManager.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://demo.filehold.com/fH/FileHold/LibraryManager/DocumentFinder.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://tsdmaps.gsc.nrcan.gc.ca/website/GeochemArcIMS/asps/GuyGeoSurvey.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://aquatic.pyr.ec.gc.ca/wqwebservices/waterquality.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.osl.gc.ca/wds/services/climate?wsdl	Canada
http://map.ns.ec.gc.ca/kywservices/KYWOrgData.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://icare.fairfaxcounty.gov/Admin/Services/AdminOnly.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://icare.fairfaxcounty.gov/Admin/Services/Login.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://icare.fairfaxcounty.gov/Config/Services/ConfigManager.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://icare.fairfaxcounty.gov/WebServices/PublicServices.asmx?WSDL	Canada
https://webservices.municipaldataworks.ca/Asset.asmx?WSDL	Canada
https://webservices.municipaldataworks.ca/Location.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://media.ytv.com/media/videos.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://media.ytv.com/media/BookmarkService.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://staging.getshout.com/mobileservice/mobileservice.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://staging.getshout.com/contactservice/contactservice.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://staging.getshout.com/ADService/ADService.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.admtl.com/UserControls/VEControls/Localisateur.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://m43.ensemsys.com/jboss-net/services/Administration?wsdl	Canada
http://netservice.fossware.com/ForumSecure.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.inclusivelearning.ca/tile/services/acclip?wsdl	Canada
http://www.inclusivelearning.ca/tile/services/Version?wsdl	Canada
http://www.inclusivelearning.ca/tile/services/search?wsdl	Canada
https://www.clia.livestockid.ca/CLTS/public/help/en/webservices/WebServiceBirthDateCertificate/IBirthCertificateWSv1.wsdl	Canada
https://www.clia.livestockid.ca/CLTS/public/help/en/webservices/WebServiceBirthDateCertificateAudit/IBirthCertificateAuditWSv1.wsdl	Canada
http://lightswitch2.irc.nrc.ca/lightswitch/webservice/web_api.php?wsdl	Canada
http://drm.web-p.cisti.nrc.ca/drm/services/Version?wsdl	Canada
http://drm.web-p.cisti.nrc.ca/drm/services/DRMService?wsdl	Canada
http://drm.web-p.cisti.nrc.ca/drm/services/AdminService?wsdl	Canada
http://albertasecurities.com/_vti_bin/search.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://radio3.cbc.ca/services/MusicWebService.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.domainsbot.com/help/submission.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://66.51.174.146/LipsoMessageSender/MessageSender.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.edixmlonline.com/blog/api/BlogImporter.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://2010cc:2010cc057@hy-ws-dev.hypernet.ca/filter.cfc?wsdl	Canada
http://bitstorm.com/WSNavFunctions/NavFunctions.asmx?WSDL	Canada
https://provisioning22.blackberry.net/webservices/Provisioning?wsdl	Canada
http://www.championsway.net/OnlineService/CheckCCAvailability.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://new.cineplex.com/Services/AjaxServices.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://ws.cirquedusoleil.com/LUXOR/LuxorService.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://climat2050.org/dev/modules/smartmail/mssi.php?wsdl	Canada
http://www.kamloops.cruiseshipcenters.com/search.asmx-WSDL	Canada
http://greg.froh.ca/fun/random_bushism/soap/?wsdl	Canada
http://intool.ices.on.ca/MenuPopulating.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.iminr.com/mining/wsMining.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.readingrecovery.co.nz/administration.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.saveapound.co.uk/Webservice/AutoComplete.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://slashdemocracy.org/links/ws4lsql.wsdl	Canada
http://techweb.squirrelsystems.com/AutoComplete.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.srfax.com/srfaxwebsvc/srfaxwebsvc.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://www.streetperfect.net/webservice/streetperfect.asmx?wsdl	Canada
http://telelisting.ca/webservices/voicecardservices.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://www.toboc.com/tobocservices/Service1.asmx?WSDL	Canada
http://fox.wikis.com/wikiwebservice.wsdl	Canada
http://www1.ccni.cl/wsRegistroLog/ws/services/wsRegistroLog?wsdl	Chile
http://www7.ccni.cl/inlandTariff/ws/services/AdminService?wsdl	Chile
http://www1.ccni.cl/wsGetFolioControl/ws/services/wsGetFolioControl?wsdl	Chile
http://www1.ccni.cl/adminCCNINetwork/ws/services/wsCCNINetwork?wsdl	Chile
http://www7.ccni.cl/inlandTariff/ws/EchoHeaders.jws?wsdl	Chile
http://ws.databusiness.cl/ws_frmsy2.asmx?WSDL	Chile
http://www.aach.cl/sissoap/sissoapws/SisSoapWS.asmx?WSDL	Chile
http://www.signature.cl/sign@webservices/Core.asmx?WSDL	Chile
http://www.vtr.cl/ws/ruu.php?wsdl	Chile
http://200.6.100.122/signature.xdoc.services/core.asmx?WSDL	Chile
http://www.softdata.cl/wslme/lme.asmx?WSDL	Chile
http://www.pulmonary-rehabilitation.com.cn/WebService/GetDoctors.asmx?WSDL	China
http://www.pulmonary-rehabilitation.com.cn/WebService/Friend.asmx?WSDL	China
http://www.pulmonary-rehabilitation.com.cn/WebService/Enterprise.asmx?WSDL	China
http://www.pulmonary-rehabilitation.com.cn/WebService/Visitor.asmx?WSDL	China
http://zhaobiao.cug.edu.cn/_vti_bin/forms.asmx?wsdl	China
http://zhaobiao.cug.edu.cn/_vti_bin/alerts.asmx?wsdl	China
http://zhaobiao.cug.edu.cn/_vti_bin/WebPartPages.asmx?wsdl	China
http://zhaobiao.cug.edu.cn/_vti_bin/spscrawl.asmx?wsdl	China
http://zhaobiao.cug.edu.cn/_vti_bin/versions.asmx?wsdl	China
http://zhaobiao.cug.edu.cn/_vti_bin/imaging.asmx?wsdl	China
http://zhaobiao.cug.edu.cn/_vti_bin/views.asmx?wsdl	China
http://zhaobiao.cug.edu.cn/_vti_bin/dws.asmx?wsdl	China
http://www.yi-qiao.cn/WebService/Score.asmx?WSDL	China
http://www.yi-qiao.cn/WebService/Admin.asmx?WSDL	China
http://www.yi-qiao.cn/Lecture/WebService/Lecture.asmx?WSDL	China
http://www.yi-qiao.cn/WebService/Comment.asmx?WSDL	China
http://www.msotec.net/_vti_bin/spsearch.asmx?wsdl	China
http://www.msotec.net/_vti_bin/People.asmx?wsdl	China
http://www.msotec.net/_vti_bin/WebPartPages.asmx?wsdl	China